In order to better understand what potential sales could be if Jack started his discount 7 days out 
from the purchase deadline, a simulation was run which utilized the information that on any 
given discount day, 20% of customer from the remaining pool could purchase the product
(assuming normal distribution) with a standard deviation of 5%. A week of sales data was 
simulated 1000 times over to produce predictions on how many units would be sold in week if 
Jack sets the discount price for all 7 days. Over 1000 simulated weeks, if jack set his price to $38 
for 7 days leading up to the deadline, he could expect to see 396 box sold, for a profit of around
$7100. To better help Jack understand which day he should start his discounted rate on during the 7 days 
leading up to the deadline, a simulation was performed to get the profit and sales information for 
every possible discount start day. The simulation performed allows me to analyze how the profit 
and total sales changes depending on the discount start date. Based on running this simulation 
1000 times, starting the discounted price on the 5
th day would provide the maximum profit for 
Jack of around $7855, with total sales for week expected to be around 333.
When analyzing the confidence intervals for the simulated weekly profits in varying discount
start dates I focused on starting the discount on day 5 as it was the most profitable, and also 
analyzed the CI of its neighbouring values for day 4 and 6. For day 5, the upper limit is around
$7,890 and the lower limit is around $7,820. The average profit value for day 4 does not fall 
within this range as it is $7,791. The average profit for day 6 is $7,840, this does fall within the 
upper and lower CI of day 5, meaning that I cannot definitively say that day 5 is the optimal day 
to begin the discount. The upper limit for day 6 is $7,874 and the lower limit is $7,805, the 
average value for day 5 falls within this range. The findings from analyzing the CI of day 
discount start dates of 4,5 and 6 lead me to not fully trust that day 5 is the absolute best day to 
start the discount, as it may be day 6. To solve this issue more trails would be needed in the 
simulation until the values upper and lower limits were such that the average values of other start
date options were not within other options limits.
